(maint) Update PR template (#37531)
DataDog/documentation: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- *Note: Please remember to review the Datadog Documentation [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you have not yet done so.* -->
### What does this PR do? What is the motivation?

### Merge readiness

- [ ] Ready for merge
<!--
If you're waiting for a release or there are other considerations that you want us to be aware of, list them here. If the PR is ready to be merged once it receives the required reviews, check the box above after you've created the PR.
-->

## For Datadog employees:

- ⚠️ Your branch name **MUST** follow the `<name>/<description>` convention and include the forward slash (`/`). If you've already created your PR with an incorrect branch name, please rename your branch and open a fresh PR.

> - 🤖 **New**: Comment with `/review` to run an automated Claude review on your PR.

Reviewer: What do you think about framing it slightly differently? My only concern with the current wording is that someone might think it replaces our review.
```suggestion
- 🤖 **New**: Comment with `/review` to run an automated check that catches common issues before a Documentation team member reviews your PR.
```
